  Welcome to Zeus for Window
  ==========================
  
  Introduction
  ------------
  Zeus for Windows is a programmers editor design specifically for the
  programmer working in the Windows 3.x, Windows 95 and Windows NT 
  environments. 
  
  Design Philosophy
  -----------------
  Zeus has been designed to cater for the special text editing needs of
  software developers.  Care has been taken to make sure that Zeus is 
  language independent, meaning that editing features that are particular
  to a specific language have been omitted, or have been replaced by an 
  alternative solution that is generic in nature.  Hopefully this means
  that Zeus will be a useful to for all types of programmers working with
  varied programming languages, not just C/C++ programmers like myself.
  
  Take Time to Learn Zeus
  -----------------------
  Because of the complexity of Zeus, to take full advantage of all the 
  features on offer will require, that you the user take some time to 
  learn and understand how to use this editor. To help in this learning
  process,  an extensive online help facility is provided. Sometimes the
  information required may not be immediately obvious but in most cases
  there will be some information somewhere that describe the feature in
  question. Always take a little extra time to study the information
  provided and if after all this searching, you still have not found what
  you where looking for, just send me a note and I will gladly answer any
  questions you may have.
  
  Use the Context Sensitive Help (it makes things easy)
  -----------------------------------------------------
  When you require help remember to just press F1 key. If you require help
  on a particular dialog box the F1 and help buttons will provide help that
  is specific to dialog box you are currently using. If you press F1 while 
  a menu option is highlighted,  help will be provided on that particular 
  menu option. This feature provides a quick an easy way of learning what a 
  particular function of Zeus is designed to do and how it should be used.
  
  Also pay particular attention to the status bar message line. Whenever
  Zeus detects any sort of problem, or has any information to convey to
  the user, it will do so using the status bar. Hopefully the error that
  is reported by Zeus will be meaningfull?
  
  Conclusion
  ----------
  I hope you find that using Zeus is both enjoyable and rewarding. If 
  you find the product's functionality is limited in any way, or if you
  have any suggestions on ways to improve Zeus please let me know. If you
  find Zeus a good product, also let me know. I find any type of feedback
  is good feedback.
  
  Most importantly, if you find a section of the Online help either 
  confusing, misleading, missing or just plain wrong I would very much
  appreciate if you send me a note detailing the problem. The online help
  is only in its second revision and it still needs lots of work.
  
  Now all that is need if for you press F1 to start learning how to use
  Zeus. 
  
  Regards Jussi Jumppanen
  jussi@sydney.dialix.oz.au
  
  PS: All registered user should send me a note to ensure you get added
      to my list of registered user. This way I will keep you informed
      about sotfware upgrades as they become available.
